.. _whatsnew_0024:

What's new in 0.0.24 (October 28, 2022)
---------------------------------------

These are the changes in heartandsole 0.0.24. See :ref:`release` for a full changelog
including other versions of heartandsole.

.. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
.. _whatsnew_0024.enhancements:

Enhancements
~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _whatsnew_0024.enhancements.route_files:

Reading route files
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Activity creation methods :meth:`~heartandsole.Activity.from_fit`, 
:meth:`~heartandsole.Activity.from_gpx`, and :meth:`~heartandsole.Activity.from_tcx`
can now read route files in addition to activity files. Previously, these methods
did not know what to do when confronted with these files, which are formatted 
slightly differently.

Support and testing for Python versions 3.8+
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Rather than testing only in my local development environment and hoping
everything works in different configurations, I added a CI pipeline using
Github Actions to verify all the tests are passing in Python 3.{7-11}.

.. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
.. _whatsnew_0024.api_breaking:

Backwards incompatible API changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _whatsnew_0024.api_breaking.deps:

Increased minimum versions for dependencies
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

For :ref:`optional libraries <install>` the general recommendation is to use the latest version.
The following table lists the lowest version per library that is currently being tested throughout the development of heartandsole.
Optional libraries below the lowest tested version may still work, but are not considered supported.

+-----------------+-----------------+---------+
| Package         | Minimum Version | Changed |
+=================+=================+=========+
| activereader    | 0.0.2           |    X    |
+-----------------+-----------------+---------+

See :ref:`install.optional_dependencies` for more.
